gallery/README.md, before:

# 黄油画廊

使用了这些 CG：

| hash          | 来源           | 文件名            | 地址                                                      | 描述                                             |
| ------------- | -------------- | ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| `#preview-1`  | さくら、もゆ。 | `KURO_e101b2.png` | [链接](https://7.dusays.com/2021/02/09/c0cc3a19bea97.png) | それは、幾千の夜を舞う，さくらと少女たちの物語—— |
| `#preview-2`  |                |                   | [链接]                                                    |                                                  |
| `#preview-3`  |                |                   | [链接]                                                    |                                                  |
| `#preview-4`  |                |                   | [链接]                                                    |                                                  |
| `#preview-5`  |                |                   | [链接]                                                    |                                                  |
| `#preview-6`  |                |                   | [链接]                                                    |                                                  |
| `#preview-7`  |                |                   | [链接]                                                    |                                                  |
| `#preview-8`  |                |                   | [链接]                                                    |                                                  |
| `#preview-9`  |                |                   | [链接]                                                    |                                                  |
| `#preview-10` |                |                   | [链接]                                                    |                                                  |
| `#preview-11` |                |                   |                                                           |                                                  |

Commit message:

Complete first version of gallery

gallery/README.md, after:

# 黄油画廊

使用了这些 CG：

| hash          | 来源                           | 文件名             | 地址                                                       | 描述                                                         | 简短描述                                                     |
| ------------- | ------------------------------ | ------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `#preview-1`  | さくら、もゆ。                 | `KURO_e101b2.png`  | ![链接](https://7.dusays.com/2021/02/10/98cafc83d73be.png) | それは、幾千の夜を舞う，さくらと少女たちの物語——             | "as the Night's, Reincarnation"                              |
| `#preview-2`  | Clover Day's                   | `cld.png`          | ![链接](https://i.loli.net/2021/02/10/puwq6xlIBO4PNEd.png) | それは、忍ぶ想い<br/>それは、永遠の誓い<br/>それは、心からの願い<br/>それは、抱き続けた後悔<br/>そして、幼い日の約束―― | "Looking for a clover day's"                                 |
| `#preview-3`  | アストラエアの白き永远         | `YUKI_e13b.png`    | ![链接](https://7.dusays.com/2021/02/10/288afe01b8163.png) | 今日もまだ、春の訪れを予感しながら、冬の想い出を見上げている。 | "I believe we can see someday again white eternity..."       |
| `#preview-4`  | 恋×シンアイ彼女                | `13.png`           | ![链接](https://7.dusays.com/2021/02/10/5c4fdc730c7e9.png) | 私が戻ってきたのはね。もう一度、星の音を聞きためだよ         | "Our first promise and your words I wanted to express that day" |
| `#preview-5`  | アインシュタインより愛を込めて | `cg_rm11_0101.png` | ![链接](https://7.dusays.com/2021/02/10/8bcbf0358e3e8.png) | 恋はとこからきて、どこに行くだろう——                         | "The only source of knowledge is experience."                |
| `#preview-6`  | Summer Pockets                 | `cg_na08_0101.png` | ![链接](https://7.dusays.com/2021/02/10/1549657d4e7bb.png) | 眩しさだけは、忘れなかった。<br />どんな時も——夏の青さを、覚えていた。 | "Refection Blue"                                             |
| `#preview-7`  | サクラノ詩 -櫻の森の上を舞う-  | `ev0002b.png`      | ![链接](https://7.dusays.com/2021/02/10/ed7e1d7fb63ea.png) | ああ、世界はこんなにも美しい——そんな幸せな景色               | "O wende, wende Deinen Lauf Im Thale blüht der Frühling auf!" |
| `#preview-8`  | 夢と色でできている             | `CGA06_a.png`      | ![链接](https://7.dusays.com/2021/02/10/5c5e2f08704dc.png) | ともあれ、これが俺たちの青春の１ページ——                     | "Our times made of dreams and colors"                        |
| `#preview-9`  | 水葬银货                       | `CG37_3.png`       | ![链接](https://i.loli.net/2021/02/10/bYwuLmsrFc3ik5H.png) | ——ハッピーエンドを約束しよう                                 | "The end of the story promises happy ending"                 |
| `#preview-10` | ひまわり                       | `s_08_2.png`       | ![链接](https://7.dusays.com/2021/02/10/610f3c8d1c630.png) | ——この星の空は、何故あおいのだろう——                         | "That's one small step for mankind, one giant leap for a man." |
| `#preview-11` | 星空のメモリア                 | `MARE_e11d.png`    | ![链接](https://7.dusays.com/2021/02/10/717e3e43adbe0.png) | 変わらない星空の下、俺たちは変わっていく——<br />流れ星に願った夢、叶えようとしてますか——？ | "Pray to become starry sky tomorrow..."                      |
